Add community practices page based on our drafts in Teams (#597)
SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation: docs/get_started/community_practices.md

**Prefer public channels.** Our goal is sharing knowledge to build community, so conversations should default in public channels where we can all benefit from what you share. It’s OK to message someone privately, but generally you should ask publicly first. Keep private messages focused on our work. 

**Follow the [Platinum Rule](mailto:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Rule).** Treat others the way they want to be treated. If you don’t know how they want to be treated, ask—or take a step back. 

**Seek repair.** We all miss the mark sometimes. Be kind when you give feedback and be open to receiving it. If you find you may have harmed others, acknowledge it, apologize, make it right if you can, and commit to learn and improve. 

**Reach out for support.** If you are concerned about yourself or someone in our community, or if you are looking for some personal clarification or guidance, please do reach out to an organizer or staff member. 

> *If you encounter a violation of [Suffolk’s code of conduct](https://www.suffolk.edu/student-life/student-services/student-handbook/university-policies-for-students-cas-sbs/nondiscrimination-policy-and-grievance-procedures), report issues directly to staff or by sending an email to [litlab@suffolk.edu](mailto:litlab@suffolk.edu). All such reports will be handled as outlined in [Suffolk’s grievance procedures](https://www.suffolk.edu/student-life/student-services/student-handbook/university-policies-for-students-cas-sbs/nondiscrimination-policy-and-grievance-procedures), including respecting your wishes for next steps when possible.*

Reviewer: I think clarify here that some interactions could involve Title IX office, but you can ask first before sharing. I think it's important to disclose this instead of putting it exclusively in the linked page. ("when possible" has huge exceptions--if we know about sexual harassment against a Suffolk employee or student, we *must* report it without exception)

> *If you encounter a violation of [Suffolk’s code of conduct](https://www.suffolk.edu/student-life/student-services/student-handbook/university-policies-for-students-cas-sbs/nondiscrimination-policy-and-grievance-procedures), report issues directly to staff or by sending an email to [litlab@suffolk.edu](mailto:litlab@suffolk.edu). All such reports will be handled as outlined in [Suffolk’s grievance procedures](https://www.suffolk.edu/student-life/student-services/student-handbook/university-policies-for-students-cas-sbs/nondiscrimination-policy-and-grievance-procedures), including respecting your wishes for next steps when possible.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*If you encounter a violation of [Suffolk’s code of conduct](https://www.suffolk.edu/student-life/student-services/student-handbook/university-policies-for-students-cas-sbs/nondiscrimination-policy-and-grievance-procedures), report issues directly to staff or as outlined in [Suffolk’s grievance procedures](https://www.suffolk.edu/student-life/student-services/student-handbook/university-policies-for-students-cas-sbs/nondiscrimination-policy-and-grievance-procedures). There are confidential reporting resources available as described in the policy above.*
```

Edited: just going to remove the "respecting wishes" part so they can review the policy.

Reviewer 2: 1. I'm not sure I see a scenario when a report from a volunteer need to be shared with the Title IX office. That's just students, right?
2. I feel like this is covered by the repeated link to the university grievance procedures and then "when possible" language of the previous sentence.

I'm not opposed if you think it's essential CYA, but it wasn't in the [previous iteration of our conduct](https://suffolklitlab.org/code-of-conduct/) so I tend to think we can do without.

Reviewer: If we are made aware of harassment or other Title IX implicated discriminatory acts committed by or against a student or suffolk employee, we are mandatory reporters. I hope that never comes up, but a volunteer can easily be in a situation where they disclose this in my opinion.

I am ok with leaving out mention of Title IX if we also leave out the "including respecting wishes for next steps when possible" because the only way for us to leave that up to the person who is reporting is if 1) it doesn't involve harassment or 2) they don't report the part that involves harassment. The "when possible" just won't be true in practice for Title IX issues--I think it's misleading to include that.

Reviewer 2: Well that's why it says "when possible"—sometimes it's not possible.

Reviewer 2: But again, this isn't primarily for students. This is for the DAL community.
